Document Python profiler code provenance enablement (#15140)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/profiler/enabling/python.md

You can configure the profiler using the [environment variables][5].

> ### Code Provenance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Code provenance
```

> The Python profiler supports code provenance reporting, which gives you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Python profiler supports code provenance reporting, which provides
```

> The Python profiler supports code provenance reporting, which gives you access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Python profiler supports code provenance reporting, which gives you
```

> to insight about library the running code is coming from. While this is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
insight into the library that is running the code. While this is
```
